mr. president mr. president we have a
situation once again at a UFO has landed
in America the only country UFOs ever
seem to landed
humans of Earth my quest has led me to
your planet give it to me now you
shouldnt no way take any of this
personally it's just business galax are
out somebody think of something and
think of it fast mr. president we need a
Hail Mary pass we need raw power waiting
monsters say hello to Insecta sorrows
don't scare in Sector Soros it's okay
buddy I'm not gonna let the human who
are you here we have a missing length a
twenty thousand year old fish man pop is
a little out of shape big handsome fella
is dr. cockroach PhD I not a quack and a
mad scientist
oh dear we call this an indestructible
gelatinous mass hi I'm Bob as you can
see he has no brain it turns out you
don't need one and our latest edition
she's 50 stories tall with enormous
strength and size what do people scream
when they see you coming you know like
look out Susan Susan neck oh I just
scared myself all right mom dirt buthow
welcome we are here to destroy you
I got him you guys I got let go I'm
weird of death hot dogs a monstrous
event in true 3d coming march two
thousand nine